[DOC, BUG] Clarify flag default value (#2946)
seqan/seqan3: doc/tutorial/argument_parser/index.md

The argument parser checks the following restrictions and throws a seqan3::design_error if they are not satisfied:

* **Long identifiers**: must be unique, more than one character long, may only contain alphanumeric characters, as well

> as `_`, `-`, or `@`, but never start with `-`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  as `_`, `-`, or `@`, but never start with `-`.
```

* **Short identifiers**: must be unique and consist of only a single letter that is alphanumeric characters, `_` or `@`.

> * Either the short or long id may be empty but not both at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Either the short or long id may be empty, but not both at the same time.
```

* Only the last positional option may be a list (see [lists](#section_list_positional_options)).

> * **Flags**: value must be false by default. Passing the flag identifier on the command line marks it as true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Flags**: The default value must be false. Passing the flag identifier on the command line sets it to true.
```

* The flag identifiers `-h`, `--help`, `--advanced-help`, `--advanced-help`, `--export-help`, `--version`, `--copyright`

> are predefined and cannot be specified manually or used otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  are predefined and cannot be specified manually or used otherwise.
```

We personally recommend to always use regular options (id-value pairs) because they are more expressive and it is easier
to spot errors.

\note Unlike regular options which take id-value pairs, flags are passed as an identifier only. The variable associated to a flag 
must be false by default and is switched to true when the flag is present on the command line.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\note Unlike regular options which take id-value pairs, flags are passed as an identifier only. The flag's default value
must be false and is set to true when the flag is present on the command line.

``
